Regex rewrite (#4241)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/guides/traffic_management/request_processing/regex_rewrite/_index.md

glooctl uninstall
kubectl delete -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/solo-io/gloo/v1.2.9/example/petstore/petstore.yaml
```

### Regex Engine

The Google RE2 engine is used by default. The user may specify another engine, but only the Google RE2 engine is supported.

The user may supply a `max_program_size` parameter to the Google RE2 engine like so:
```yaml
        regexRewrite: 
          pattern:
            google_re2:
              max_program_size: 1024
            regex: 'bar'
          substitution: 'baz'
```

> If the global regex max program size is more restrictive than that specified in the config, the global setting will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the global `regexMaxProgramSize` specified via the {{< protobuf name="gloo.solo.io.Settings" display="Settings">}} resource is more restrictive than that specified in the config, the global setting will be used.
```
